Switch>en
Switch#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Switch(config)#vlan 10
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 20
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 30
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 40
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 50
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 60
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 70
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 80
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 90
Switch(config-vlan)#vlan 100
Switch(config-vlan)#exit
Switch(config)#hostname txg
txg(config)#int range f 0/1-2
txg(config-if-range)#sw
txg(config-if-range)#switchport m
txg(config-if-range)#switchport mode a
txg(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
txg(config-if-range)#sw
txg(config-if-range)#switchport m
txg(config-if-range)#switchport mode tr
txg(config-if-range)#switchport mode trunk 

txg(config-if-range)#exit
txg(config)#int range f 0/3-4
txg(config-if-range)#sw
txg(config-if-range)#switchport m
txg(config-if-range)#switchport mode ac
txg(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
txg(config-if-range)#sw
txg(config-if-range)#switchport ac
txg(config-if-range)#switchport access vlan 30