Switch>en
Switch#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Switch(config)#hostname jx
jx(config)#vlan 10
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 20
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 30
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 40
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 50
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 60
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 70
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 80
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 90
jx(config-vlan)#vlan 100
jx(config-vlan)#exit

jx(config)#int range f 0/1-2
jx(config-if-range)#sw
jx(config-if-range)#switchport m
jx(config-if-range)#switchport mode ac
jx(config-if-range)#sw
jx(config-if-range)#switchport mode
jx(config-if-range)#switchport mode tr
jx(config-if-range)#switchport mode trunk 

jx(config)#int range f 0/3-4
jx(config-if-range)#sw
jx(config-if-range)#switchport m
jx(config-if-range)#switchport mode acc
jx(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
jx(config-if-range)#sw
jx(config-if-range)#switchport ac
jx(config-if-range)#switchport access vlan 20
