Switch>en
Switch#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Switch(config)#hostname xz
xz(config)#vlan 10
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 20
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 30
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 40
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 50
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 60
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 70
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 80
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 90
xz(config-vlan)#vlan 100
xz(config-vlan)#exit
xz(config)#int range f 0/1-2
xz(config-if-range)#sw
xz(config-if-range)#switchport m
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mode ac
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
xz(config-if-range)#sw
xz(config-if-range)#switchport m
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mode tr
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mode trunk 

xz(config-if-range)#exit
xz(config)#int range f 0/3-6
xz(config-if-range)#sw
xz(config-if-range)#switchport m
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mod
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mode ac
xz(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
xz(config-if-range)#sw
xz(config-if-range)#switchport acc
xz(config-if-range)#switchport access vlan 10

//IP拨号机
xz(config)#int f0/5
xz(config-if)#sw
xz(config-if)#switchport m
xz(config-if)#switchport mode tr
xz(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
xz(config-if)#sw
xz(config-if)#switchport v
xz(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
xz(config-if)#exit
xz(config)#int f0/6
xz(config-if)#sw
xz(config-if)#switchport m
xz(config-if)#switchport mode tr
xz(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
xz(config-if)#sw
xz(config-if)#switchport v
xz(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1