Switch>en
Switch#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Switch(config)#hostname xy
xy(config)#vlan 10
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 20
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 30
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 40
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 50
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 60
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 70
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 80
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 90
xy(config-vlan)#vlan 100
xy(config-vlan)#exit

xy(config)#int f 0/1
xy(config-if)#sw
xy(config-if)#switchport mo
xy(config-if)#switchport mode ac
xy(config-if)#switchport mode access 
xy(config-if)#sw
xy(config-if)#switchport m
xy(config-if)#switchport mode tr
xy(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 

xy(config)#int range f 0/2-4
xy(config-if-range)#sw
xy(config-if-range)#switchport md
xy(config-if-range)#switchport m
xy(config-if-range)#switchport mode ac
xy(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
xy(config-if-range)#sw
xy(config-if-range)#switchport ac
xy(config-if-range)#switchport access vlan 40

// IP地址拨号
xy(config)#int f0/4
xy(config-if)#sw
xy(config-if)#switchport m
xy(config-if)#switchport mode tr
xy(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
xy(config-if)#sw
xy(config-if)#switchport v
xy(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
xy(config-if)#exit
xy(config)#int f0/6
xy(config-if)#sw
xy(config-if)#switchport m
xy(config-if)#switchport mode tr
xy(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
xy(config-if)#sw
xy(config-if)#switchport v
xy(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
xy(config-if)#exit