Switch>en
Switch#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Switch(config)#hostname sl
sl(config)#vlan 10
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 20
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 30
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 40
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 50
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 60
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 70
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 80
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 90
sl(config-vlan)#vlan 100
sl(config-vlan)#exit
sl(config)#int f0/1
sl(config-if)#sw
sl(config-if)#switchport m
sl(config-if)#switchport mode a
sl(config-if)#switchport mode access 
sl(config-if)#sw
sl(config-if)#switchport m
sl(config-if)#switchport mode tr

sl(config-if)#exit
sl(config)#int range f 0/2-4
sl(config-if-range)#sw
sl(config-if-range)#switchport 
sl(config-if-range)#switchport m
sl(config-if-range)#switchport mode a
sl(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
sl(config-if-range)#sw
sl(config-if-range)#switchport ac
sl(config-if-range)#switchport access vlan 60

//IP地址拨号
sl(config)#int f0/4
sl(config-if)#sw
sl(config-if)#switchport m
sl(config-if)#switchport mode tr
sl(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
sl(config-if)#sw
sl(config-if)#switchport v
sl(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
sl(config-if)#exit
sl(config)#int f0/6
sl(config-if)#sw
sl(config-if)#switchport m
sl(config-if)#switchport mode tr
sl(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
sl(config-if)#sw
sl(config-if)#switchport v
sl(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
sl(config-if)#exit