Switch>en
Switch#conf t
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
Switch(config)#hostname cl
cl(config)#vlan 10
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 20
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 30
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 40
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 50
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 60
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 70
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 80
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 90
cl(config-vlan)#vlan 100
cl(config-vlan)#exit
cl(config)#int f0/1
cl(config-if)#sw
cl(config-if)#switchport m
cl(config-if)#switchport mode a
cl(config-if)#switchport mode access 
cl(config-if)#sw
cl(config-if)#switchport m
cl(config-if)#switchport mode tr
cl(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 

cl(config-if)#exit
cl(config)#int range f 0/2-4
cl(config-if-range)#sw
cl(config-if-range)#switchport m
cl(config-if-range)#switchport mode ac
cl(config-if-range)#switchport mode access 
cl(config-if-range)#sw
cl(config-if-range)#switchport ac
cl(config-if-range)#switchport access vlan 50

cl(config)#int f0/1
cl(config-if)#switchport trunk native vlan 50

//IP地址拨号
cl(config)#int f0/4
cl(config-if)#sw
cl(config-if)#switchport m
cl(config-if)#switchport mode t
cl(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
cl(config-if)#sw
cl(config-if)#switchport v
cl(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
cl(config-if)#exit
cl(config)#int f0/6
cl(config-if)#sw
cl(config-if)#switchport m
cl(config-if)#switchport mode tr
cl(config-if)#switchport mode trunk 
cl(config-if)#sw
cl(config-if)#switchport v
cl(config-if)#switchport voice vlan 1
cl(config-if)#exit